[narrator] It is said that
every several hundred years,
the goddess Athena
is reincarnated.
And now a new Athena
has been born into this world,
but, this time,
under a dark prophecy
that she will lead
mankind to ruin.
The warriors who protected
the goddess Athena
were known as Knights.
Today, a new generation
of Knights
control the fate of the world.
They are called
the Knights of the Zodiac.
["Pegasus Seiya" playing]
♪ Hold it in your heart ♪
♪ Cosmo is a part of you ♪
♪ Burning hot, gotta flow
Don’t you stop it, let it go ♪
♪ Prophesies are made
And galaxies are far from here ♪
♪ But you don’t need them now
Stay strong and believe what you feel ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Pegasus, this destiny
No one can take it away from you ♪
♪ Now your home is the sky
And your dreams are the wings ♪
♪ They’re gonna take you high ♪
♪ Saint Seiya ♪
♪ Signs out there keep calling ♪
♪ Forever
We will stand with you ‘til the end ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ They say that
All boys are born true fighters ♪
♪ Remember you can do this
Then fly away ♪
[music ends]
[insects chirping]
[gasps]
[girl] It's happening again,
but, this time,
it looks different.
-[glass shatters]
-[gasps]
[glass shatters]
-Seiya, run!
-Hmm?
[soldier] Target acquired!
[screams] Let go of me!
[soldier] You're coming with us!
Let her go!
[Seiya groans]
Seiya!
[soldier 2] Leave no witnesses.
[Seiya growls]
[soldiers groan]
-It's a Gold Knight!
-Light him up!
We need reinforcements,
guns, missiles, everything!
[soldiers groan]
-[helicopter thrumming]
-[gasps]
[turret whirs]
-[screams]
-[gasps]
Ah! Patricia!
[Knight sighs]
Prepare, for we are at war.
[Seiya] Patricia, no!
Patricia! [gasps]
Hey! What are you
gonna do with my sister?
Give her back!
[groans]
[panting]
[screams] Patricia!
[drops slosh]
[distant siren blaring]
[car horn honks]
Huh?
You wanna sleep on our turf,
you gotta pay the rent,
old man.
Hey! Leave him alone!
Huh? What are you gonna do
about it, little punk?
[boy] We were just having fun!
[sighs] Me and my big mouth.
Seiya, bro,
thought that was you!
-What's up?
-[chuckles]
You ain't no kid no more, Seiya.
When you gonna start
running with the gang?
Gang? You guys aren't a gang.
You're just dorks running around
picking on homeless folks.
- [both gasp]
- Come on.
Don't look at me like that.
You know I'm right.
Uh...
[gasps]
[chuckles]
[mocking chuckle]
Talking crap about the gang?
You got guts, Seiya.
Big balls, small brain.
Kick his ass, boys!
[all grunt]
-Hey.
-Huh?
See you later, bunch of losers!
[yelps]
Come on! I was only joking!
[groans] I'm a funny person!
Yeah, you are, idiot.
You're gonna get more hits
than this video! [laughs]
Ah. Seiya ain't got no money.
Hey, what's this?
What's this supposed to be?
[growls]
Give me that back! [grunts]
[groans]
You carry a kid's drawing around
in your wallet?
Ah, this must be
somebody special.
[rumbling]
[Seiya] Give it back.
Hey, what's going on?
Is he doing all of this?
I said give it back!
[gang yells]
What the...
Oh, my God! The car is--
-Oh, no!
-Ahh!
This is crazy!
-Help!
-Run!
Seiya's some kind of freak!
What the hell was that?
[distant sirens blaring]
Maybe I'm crazy,
or maybe I have a head injury.
Maybe both.
[birds chirping]
[video] Run!
Seiya's some kind of freak!
[boy] Did you see
that video of Seiya?
[boy 2] How could I miss it?
It's posted all over the place.
Man, that was the scariest thing
I've ever seen.
[boy 1] What's scary is that
we live in the same building.
-I know, right?
-[Seiya gasps]
His name is Seiya.
He lives
in the orphanage downtown.
Don't approach him.
He's unpredictable.
He could have killed us.
[scoffs] If I had killed them,
then they wouldn't have
uploaded that stupid video,
and I could live in peace.
[sighs] Who am I kidding?
That's not me.
Seiya, run!
[gasps]
[sighs]
[muffled yelp] What the--
Hey! What are you...
[gasps]
[grunting]
Huh?
Who the heck are you?
-[man] Welcome.
-Eh?
[Seiya] Who are you?
What do you want with me?
I just want to ask you
some questions, young man.
Forget you! I'm outta here!
I would be outta here
if I had any idea how.
What, you guys
don't believe in exit signs?
My name is Alman Kido, and this
is my granddaughter Sienna.
I so don't care!
Come on.
If you're gonna kidnap me,
least you can do
is tell me why.
Is this you?
Huh?
You don't know
how you did that, do you?
There's nothing wrong with that.
Allow me to explain.
You see, throughout history,
there have been warriors,
men and women with powers unlike
anything else you've ever seen,
warriors called Knights.
Most people think
people with powers
are just urban legends, hoaxes.
but you know as well as I do,
they're real.
[gasps]
That's the guy
who took my sister!
If you want to understand
how you and your sister
got caught up in this,
we need to start
at the beginning.
The soldiers who attacked
you and your sister,
they work
for my former business partner,
a man by the name
of Vander Guraad.
Vander and I
had become successful
in information systems,
scraping and gathering data,
selling and trading information.
We were experts
in knowing all the facts.
But it turned out
we knew nothing.
Fifteen years ago,
Vander Guraad and I
were on an island
in the Aegean Sea,
and nothing would ever
be the same again.
The Gold Knight Aiolos
was mortally wounded.
He couldn't speak,
but before he died,
he shared a vision.
Every few hundred years,
there is a war
between the gods.
Hades, God of the Underworld,
and Poseidon, God of the Ocean,
plan to kill Athena,
hoping to own this Earth.
Whenever Athena is in danger,
the Knights
come into existence.
Before he died,
the Gold Knight Aiolos
entrusted me
with his Gold Armor
and a baby child.
I swore that I
would keep them safe
and hidden from everyone,
including Sanctuary.
I thought you said your buddy
tried to kidnap my sister.
What's Sanctuary?
Sanctuary is
the ancient organization
that governs all Knights.
As for Guraad, he and I
collected information
and technology
about the Knights,
but the more we learned,
the more Vander started to think
that he could fight
the gods himself.
To Vander, it was the only thing
that makes sense.
Rather than letting
the gods have power,
he would take the power
for himself.
With what he's learned,
Guraad is using technology
to build
his own army of Knights.
Dark forces are rising.
Sanctuary and Guraad
are preparing for war.
Um, that sounds serious.
What's it got to do with me?
I believe Athena
will save the world.
That's why I need
new Knights to rise up
to protect Athena
and to stop the war,
Knights like you.
Me? Are you crazy?
I'm no superpowered Knight.
But you could be. I've seen it.
Everyone who watched
that video of you has seen it.
You could be
one of the Right Ones.
Seiya, I know you haven't had
the easiest life,
but you were destined,
born under the constellation
of Pegasus.
You have Cosmo inside you,
just like your sister.
My sister?
In previous wars,
when Athena was in crisis,
the Pegasus Knight
would always appear,
save the goddess,
and help guide her to victory.
[gasps]
I am certain
you are the next Pegasus.
I saw it
in the vision of Aiolos.
The Pegasus guided her
out of the confusion.
Me?
Go to Chamos Island,
train to be a Bronze Knight,
and obtain the Pegasus Armor.
Everything
will start from there.
And then, and only then,
will you find the truth about your sister.
[gasps]
Seiya, I've seen it.
This is your destiny.
My destiny?
I don't care about my destiny!
I don't even care
about my sister!
She's long dead!
You kidnap me in the middle
of the night and feed me
some crazy talk about gods
and Knights with powers?!
[chuckles]
Well, when you put it that way,
I do sound crazy.
Yeah, you do!
I'd thank you for the story,
but I didn't enjoy it,
so get bent.
[Alman] Her name is Patricia.
Your sister Patricia was
last seen leaving Chamos Island,
supposedly heading
for Sanctuary.
No one knows where Sanctuary is
or how to get to it.
If you want to find her,
you should start
at Chamos Island.
[Seiya sighs]
I swear, if you're lying to me,
you'll regret it.
I'm not lying to you, Seiya.
I need you. Athena needs you.
Your sister needs you.
Your world needs you.
-[rumbling]
-[gasps]
What's happening?!
They've found us!
We're under attack.
[groans]
-[rumbling]
-[steady beeping]
[Seiya sighs]
First you kidnap me.
Now you're gonna
get me killed, too?
Grandfather, we're in danger!
-We need to leave!
-I agree with her.
We need to get out of here!
Sienna, take Seiya,
and get going.
-[Sienna] Not without you!
-[doors thump]
[stammers]
Alman, my old friend.
Is this where you've been
hiding from me all this time?
I haven't been hiding, Vander.
I've been keeping things safe.
Things like
your research into Knights?
Things like Athena?
Something like that, old friend.
Take them in the VTOL.
Leave Alman here.
He and I have
some catching up to do.
[gasps]
-Seiya...
-Huh?
prove that you're
a real Knight.
Keep Sienna safe.
Hey, I never agreed
to any of this!
[groans]
[Seiya] I think
you people are nuts!
[Vander chuckles] You know
I'm going to figure out
where you hid
the Gold Armor of Aiolos.
I'll never tell you.
You'll have to kill me.
I would never kill you,
old friend.
I would just kill
your granddaughter.
I've found the Pegasus,
the one who carries the legend.
You still believe
in those absurd superstitions?
You should see the work
I've been doing, Alman.
Marvelous advancements
in technology,
and thanks to what
I've learned about the Knights,
now I'm certain
that humans can defeat the gods.
This technology was never
meant to be exploited.
You'd rather hoard
this information and do nothing?
Technology was meant to be used!
It was meant
to protect Athena and mankind!
[Vander breathes deeply]
Suppose for a moment
you're right,
that Sanctuary has all the power
and Poseidon and Hades are
coming to destroy mankind.
Do you honestly believe
that a teenage schoolgirl
is going to save us
because someone said
she's the reincarnation
of the goddess Athena?
Listen to yourself, Alman!
I listened to the Gold Knight,
unlike you.
We both heard him, my friend,
but you learned
the wrong lesson.
The Pegasus
will prove me correct.
He will lead the Right Ones.
We're in this together,
you know?
No, we're not. Your
grandfather's a freaking kook,
and this Vander nut
acts like he's a general
in some imaginary war.
No offense, fellas.
Keep up the great work.
Everything my grandfather
told you is true.
Sanctuary, Vander Guraad,
they all know it's true.
Has everyone lost
their freaking mind except me?
-You don't believe.
-Eh?
You're about to become
a believer.
-Duck!
-What?!
-[soldiers] Huh?
-Hyah!
[soldiers groan]
[Sienna] Mylock!
My lady.
It's good to see you safe.
Quickly!
Seiya, come on!
I am not going with you!
-[gunfire]
-[yelps]
Uh, wait for me!
Thanks.
Now let's get outta here!
-You dropped something.
-Eh?
Strap in, my lady.
Guraad's forces won't
let us leave without a fight.
[grunting]
I think this jump seat
might be broken!
Hold on!
[yelling]
-[Sienna yells]
-[Mylock grunts]
It's happening again.
My hands are glowing.
My lady.
[engine starts]
[Sienna] Jump.
-What?!
-You have to jump.
Have you lost your mind?
I'm not jumping out of a plane!
Believe!
You are the Pegasus, right?
[tires squeal]
[Seiya] This is not good!
No exit signs!
No seat belts! No parachutes!
[Alman] I am certain
you are the next Pegasus.
[sighs]
I must be crazy!
[yelling]
What about Seiya?
We need to go back for him!
Your safety
comes first, my lady.
Besides,
if he's the real Pegasus,
he wouldn't die here.
[Mylock] Hold on!
[grunting]
[panting]
-[gun firing]
-Huh?
[growls]
[Seiya] No!
I won't let it happen again!
[growls]
[yells]
Sienna!
[gasps]
[panting]
No.
Huh?
What the...
[echoing] Sienna?
Patricia...
maybe she is still alive.
Alman said
he'd found the Pegasus.
[soldier] I thought you said
you didn't believe
in the superstition.
I don't,
but just as a precaution,
find the Pegasus.
Yes, sir!
["Somebody New" playing]
♪ Believe me, I'm speechless ♪
♪ I wish that I could say those words ♪
♪ You whispered so sweetly ♪
♪ And maybe I'll regret this but
I've gotta be honest ♪
♪ Cause we made a promise,
I won't break it now ♪
♪ I wish I could hold you ♪
♪ But how could I be so unfair ♪
♪ To lead us to nowhere? ♪
♪ We've both been down that road before ♪
♪ And if it should end us
Please know that I'm helpless ♪
♪ I've made up my mind ♪
♪ It's not that I don't feel
The feelings you do ♪
♪ It's just my heart's not ready yet ♪
♪ For something so soon, yeah ♪
♪ For somebody new ♪